[GUARDHOUSE]
The lights flicker around you.
A sudden breeze fills the air.
The catwalk lights turn off one by one.
Logbooks start to fall from their places.
The cameras suddenly disconnect.
Whispers can be heard from the field.
The Lady in White looks at you from the window.
All the names on the logbook turn red.
The cameras show numerous spirits looking directly at you.
You are paralyzed by fear, seeing a large branch fall onto you.

[MUSIC ROOM]
The lights flicker around you.
You see movement through the window.
Dark figures walk past the mirrors.
Clearbooks start to fall from their places.
The piano plays on its own.
Chanting can be heard in the room.
Sheet music flies around you.
Guitar strings strum dissonant frequencies.
The mirrors shatter around you.
Sheet music starts to wrap around you as your blood writes new music.

[FACULTY ROOM]
The lights flicker around you.
You see movement through the window.
The framed photos seem to look at you.
Textbooks fall from their places.
Doors open and close on their own.
Student records start tearing.
Figures appear on the tables.
The scent of ash fills the room.
The air conditioner malfunctions, turning tho room into a massive heater.
The Burned Man appears as you curl on the ground suffocating.

[CHEMISTRY LAB]
The lights flicker around you.
You see movement behind the door.
Test tubes move and rattle around you.
Diagrams fall from their places.
Flasks begin to bubble and mix.
The reflections on the glass flasks show a familiar figure.
You hear laughing echoing through the room.
The mixtures start to turn into blood.
You start to see more figures that resemble human figures.
Flasks and tubes shatter around you.
Shadowy figures hold you down as one takes the shape of your likeness, smiling.

[SENIOR HIGH BUILDING]
The lights flicker around you.
You hear wet footsteps outside the room.
Chairs start moving on their own.
Brooms fling across the room.
All the cabinet doors break down.
The faint sound of chains echo across the building.
The television suddenly turns on, revealing static.
You see a ghoulish figure outside the room.
Chains surround the building.
You are chained down, trapped inside a small closet.

[CCC]
Screams echo across the halls.
Chairs appear randomly around the building.
Loud horns can be heard inside the chamber.
Curtains start to tear.
The entire area starts to warp around you.
The screams start to grow louder into one voice.
run
RUN
there is no escape
The entire building collapses on you. Death in the chamber is not a release but the start of worse horrors.